Hey it's Bruno again.
Oh man this is unbelievable.
I love this off capability and everything looks so snappy and fast.
With this new progressive Web app I think people are going to really really like our new robot friends
up.
Thanks a lot.
You've honestly been so good that I look forward to some more projects with you.
All right.
Brunos happy with our work.
Hopefully you had a fun time in this section learning about some of the things that we can do to make
our Web sites web apps faster.
We first talked about code optimizations and the idea of only loading what we actually need for the
user and not having unnecessary javascript delivered sent to the client.
We talked about how we can do that with things like code splitting and using the abilities and went
back to tree shaking and a void on used to code.
We also talked about avoiding to block the main thread whether through animations or long running Javascript
tasks we talked a little bit about memory leaks and making sure that we clean up after ourselves when
we change pages and then we also talked about avoiding multiple rendering using react to be as efficient
as possible in rendering our components.
We then talked about progressive webapps this new idea of making our web apps as close to native apps
as possible so that they work really nicely with mobile devices.
We talked about how we needed HEG B.S. and something called a manifest file to bridge that gap.
And then finally we talked about service worker and how cool it is that we now have a way for us to
deliver Web sites offline through the power of service worker and the cache API.
And now we have completed our front end knowledge of what we can do to improve performance.
And since we've already covered our network optimizations we now have one last part the back end optimization
and one of my favorite topics.
Another great topic that I think you're really going to enjoy.
Don't worry we'll get to it later on in the course.
These are all really fun exciting topics.
But for now we all need a break.
Good job getting this far.
There's a lot more to cover.
I'll see in the next one.